For the final project, Chenfei and I worked well to design an NBA management system. Users who are a fan of NBA could use our system to select NBA players and know their basic info such as height, weight, school_types and so on. In addition to filtering, we also build up a web page where users could add new NBA players into the database. 

Here's the overview of our goals:
1. Design a fancy homepage to attract users.
2. Ability to add a new player: Users will be able to add new players to the database by providing information such as full name, team, position, country, jersey number, height, and weight. And we can find the new player in the database using mySQL query.
3. Filter by various categories: Users will be able to filter player information by various categories such as teams, countries, school_types, positions, jersey number, etc. This will allow users to easily find specific players or groups of players that meet certain criteria.
4. Switch buttons for historical players and active players: Users will be able to switch between viewing information for historical players (i.e. retired players) and active players (i.e. current players). This will allow users to easily compare and analyze player data from different eras.
5. The database will consist of a table of NBA players basic info: "NBA_Players". The "NBA_Players" table will contain basic information about each player, such as full name, team, position, country, jersey number, height, weight, etc. Overall, this platform will provide an efficient way for users to manage and analyze NBA player data. We believe that this project will be valuable to NBA fans, journalists, statisticians, and researchers.
6. Design the first, second and third normal form to analyze NBA players data. Those tables are stroed in our database. The code for the tables are in a file called Code for the Database.

Data models we used are the first, second, and third normal form. For example, for the table called Final_Project.status, we have status id along with status name. Same as Final_Project.positions table, we have position_id and position_name. 

In terms of goals not achieved, we decided to have the ability to limit the number of NBA players first. However, because we were running out of time doing the final project, this feature was not added to our webpage. 

In terms of goals achieved, we have successfully added filter features to our web page along with a fancy homepage. Additionally, users have the ability to add new NBA players to the database. Overall, we achieved almost all of the goals. 

For potential for future work, we all believe that NBA players pictures should be added to each card on the web page. By having NBA players' pictures on the web page, it could attract more fans of NBA. Also, more filters should be added into our project, including filtering ages, weight and height. Weight and height could be fitered based on ranges. 

When it comes to presentation, we showed our tables in our database and introduced a useful tool called SQLTools which allows us to connect mysql to Vscode. We went over every feature of our project and explained how active players and inactive players page works. We all believe that we did a great job designing the final project. 
